all of 1846 the United States invaded
the picturesque town of Monterey Mexico
the city was best known for its gardens
and architecture but it soon became fade
and blood as US soldiers tried to
wrestle the city away from its Mexican
defenders the army fought for three days
in the streets the hills and the plains
of this heavily fortified City two days
of urban warfare tested their nerve and
ruffian Texan soldiers show the West
corners had a fight in a City future
Civil War notables like ulysses s grant
and Jefferson Davis were there Davis led
his men over the walls of a fort blazing
with fire and Grant was spared from
death as he set high on his horse and
Men drop all around for the Mexican
soldiers led by an incompetent they
fought for their country to their City
they met it on an attack by the best US
Infantry Division and their own version
of the Alamo the legacy of the battle is
still alive today the bridges canals
homes and forts still show the wounds of
those three days in 1846 the story of
Monterrey is one of courage and
cowardice of good generalship and bad of
politics heroism and sacrifice read
about the stories of those who fought
there and learn more about this never
before called
epic battle read a perfect Gibraltar
today
you